# OA Feeds

OA Feeds provides *outgoing* RSS feeds for Open Atrium.

### This Feature currently supports:
 * Recent activity at *dashboard/feed*. (Group activity at *[group shortname]/dashboard/feed*)
 * Recent activity of only your subscribed nodes at *dashboard/feed/subscriptions*.
 * [Atrium Reader](http://code.developmentseed.org/atrium_reader/node/245) posts at *reader/feed*. (Group activity at *[group shortname]/reader/feed*)
   * Category-specific by appending the category: news, twitter, images.
 * More soon!

This module does not depend on the Feeds module. It's relationship with Atrium Reader is 
only that of passing content onward.

## Installation
1. Get this Feature.
2. Get [Views RSS](http://drupal.org/project/views_rss). For proper activity path handling, get [this patch](http://drupal.org/node/589904#comment-3394232).

## Configuration
Set the Site Mission Statement in admin/settings/site-information. This is used as the 
Feed Description.

## Architecture

OA Feeds leverages the [Token Authentication](http://drupal.org/project/tokenauth) module (6.x-1.5 and newer) to grant users with the 
'access tokenauth' permission a 23-character alphanumeric token that will identify them 
to Open Atrium so that the posts visible to their user account are accessible via the 
RSS feed, even though they are not formally logged in to the site. In this way, the 
Recent activity a user wants to see from Atrium can be pulled directly into Google 
Reader or their Reader of choice (including Atrium Reader!).

## Security Caution

Please be aware that using this feature means a plaintext string will be available in the Feed 
Readers of all users canny enough to pursue RSS notifications. Google could learn node titles, 
group names, and so on.

If such information is sensitive on your Open Atrium site, *DO NOT USE THIS FEATURE*.

If such information is sensitive on a group-by-group basis, check out the **OA Feeds 
[Optional]** module that is packaged in the modules directory of this project. It adds a 
toggle to every group allowing them to opt-in to site RSS feeds on an individual basis.

### Resetting the Secure Token
If you are comfortable using this module, but are still concerned about malicious people
getting ahold of a token and "stalking" your content, there is a global token reset
mechanism located at admin/settings/tokenauth. Furthermore, every user profile page
has a token reset button specific to that user. Administrators with 'administer
users' permission have access to this button, along with the user it is associated
with.

You are responsible for communicating the token reset to your users.

(For your convenience, Token Authentication now provides drush commands for token reset, too.)

### Tokenauth Settings
Be extra careful in considering which users should have access to the 'administrate
tokenauth' permission. Tokenauth Administrators have the ability change the Drupal
paths for which tokenauth will provide plaintext authentication. If something like
`node/*` were added to this configuration, you would allow anyone with access to a token
associated with a user with content creation permission to add content to your site.

You could also create security holes by granting access to `admin/*`.

Such things are contra-indicated.

## Less Visible Features

This feature adds another block "RSS Feeds for Current Space". This block displays a 
link customized for the current user to the dashboard feed along with that user's token.

This block will be updated with additional links if and when more are supported by
this Feature.

There is also a block containing a brief enduser explanation on how to use OA Feeds on 
every user profile page, along with a couple example links to recent activity feeds.

## FAQ

### Q. Why is the Token 23 characters long?
**A.** I thought it a good balance between avoiding a memorizable length and being a URL 
of silly size. You may change this setting as you like with that in mind.

### Q. Why is this not in Atrium Core?
**A.** This project aims to be a stepping stone to achieve that. Hopefully most of it 
will migrate into one of the next few releases.

## To-dos

* Instead of creating new views, [hook_alter() the relevant displays onto existing Views](http://github.com/grayside/oa_feeds/issues#issue/1).
* Instead of the theme template replacement, add a strip tags option to the Activity 
Field handler.
* [Support iCal with Views Datasource module](http://github.com/grayside/oa_feeds/issues#issue/2)
* [Exclude current user from activity feed](http://github.com/grayside/oa_feeds/issues#issue/9), and create a dedicated /me feed of only the current user's content.

## Maintainer
Adam B. Ross, grayside.org